hi one back to another snapshot video if
you haven't seen our over one for last
week's 27w 46a go check it out
annotation on it's complicated but hello
Luke hello your video is because i am
here and james is not and i hear
explosions I don't like it yeah I tried
it up I've been messing around with a
reception i'll take these leather
booties um yeah we'll just jump straight
into it then so um lever the lever arm
has got a new texture and then you know
like on the head and the boots and the
trousers and I think the body may be the
only thing is I can't see it because i'm
using different 2 i'm using tech support
well then now oh yeah you only die
certain parts of like the treat the
trousers and the top so light there
you've got luck at the brown stripe in
the middle that stays there and then
you've got all the different colors as
per usual if you know I mean yeah yeah
I'm just making some better summer yeah
I can see oh my god why you even got
love the knees that's good that's a good
detail so now to the next one if you
want to grab a carrot on the stick here
you go we'll go to you oh god it's just
nothing hold on one second what I'm just
turning my texture pack off sir okay um
well now before cuz pigs couldn't jump
up this until now they can oh well
though the thought leather on the school
Oh Jim there I mean you'd have to
manually do either you could just go
they just do it I'm going to talk wer
skeleton oh that's cool oh well and then
that love you that um so the skeleton
there they sort of now been the evil
mobs are now been and now to a little
more fearless in hard mode so you can't
tell that one hard mode punk like hot
difficulty free what the hell are you
doing I'm going exploring spazzing out
that's fine
the bomb so oh yes there's a new command
as well so you know if you if your
inventory is cluttered and you've got
loads of awesomes you've got awesome
stuff and crops up at the same time but
I pin / clear it actually clears him you
in measuring oh yeah will not get rid of
all your good stuff yeah i mean it that
base when they would only be good for
creative this so yeah so I mean like if
you just got all the building materials
in like a large cost you know hey did
that so now let me just spokes were
stuffing Christmas so what the hell but
river has now been added oh god I think
a new little feature sorry so Luke do
you want to just build an iron golem
yeah uh your uncreative on you know you
go real men don't go on cruise that's
why I'm on creative there you go so do
you know how to build it it says soul
song then yeah just built looking online
golem no no no no no no on the sides oh
no so sorry I'm God's one uniform in now
partly my fault there you go 64 so now
the river falls actually as you can see
here actually explodes when he self is
full uh he hasn't spoiled for me cuz you
haven't put the school's down look at
schools everywhere on it I'm talking oh
no this is not the first foot sweat
stage responding one in he just sits
there and regenerates but this is all
gonna die now sadly enough well then BAM
boom Oh God so if you're standing close
to him oh Jesus so if you're standing
close Oh God then George like over and
gravia good have you then screw you know
you can't do that anymore you know just
put yourself on creative so you don't
die anymore Luke I'm gonna kill him um
so yeah apart from this is obviously
there's one more feature but it's not to
do with online it's actually like a
single player thing so I'm have to leave
it was not dying yeah so I'm just going
to disconnect so now when you go to
create world go to more options and go
super flat there's now customize tab and
you can actually customize what how you
want super fat to be so Java stuff works
so you've got you on your normal super
fight you have free four layers you've
got bedrock one you've got two layers of
dirt and grass block but now if you go
down to presets there's actually
different ones now it's cool so you've
got like desert bottomless pit snowy
kingdom overworld Waterworld tunnels
dream and classic flap so yeah obviously
make your own super flat you can just so
I'm guessing you can actually now
customize super flat because if it says
a top do you want to share your preset
with someone use the box it's cool so I
mean that's good let's just start a
snowy one so if you just go preset in
the news actually is a layer of snow
over the top usually then install snow
50 not now a layer of snow over the top
then a grass block then free layers of
dirt and then 15 our layers of stone so
you know it's just different stuff what
world is 90 layers of water Jesus Christ
bottomless pit is 0 bottom of boots I
think bottoms put is the same i'm not
sure then desert noticed feels two
layers of sandstone Jesus Christ so I
mean yeah that's the super options and
now if you go if you want to like
duplicate your world except not use the
world stuff that you've built you can
actually press the recreate button down
the bottom and it will just use the same
Cedars what you used it before and you
can just recreate a wolf kin so I mean
that that's that precious really for the
snapshot and so what is another snapshot
like next week yeah
absolutely so subscribe if you want and
well obviously be doing that when it
comes out so we will well like well I
tidy up the mess the loops that made
yeah I'm not in the game because my java
book Danny did the sector the weather
killed it damn Weaver so we'll see you
guys next time Oh